catching a thousand-pound Mako is
definitely on my bucket list but even if
I did it wouldn't come close to being as
big as this the new Mako 4:14 center
console make a biggest boat ever so what
does all that sheer size get for you
well for starters a tack location with
storage space for everything and I do
mean everything you'll ever want to fish
with it gets you a fish box like this
and it gets you a pair of transom live
well that are truly gianormous and when
I say gianormous I mean I wish they'd
put your crazy help to these things the
cabin is very basic there's a simple
birth and a head but there is a reason
why the cabin is relatively small for
40-something center console because look
at how wide these side decks are look at
how much fishing space you have up
forward and then if you're sick and
tired of giant center consoles that have
so much luxury and so much time and
space built in it they practically
aren't fish boats anymore then check out
the Mako 414 center console
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters